Then it is impermanent,
Do you have tens of millions or no millions?
Come and eat some intestines,
I want to calm down, but this person still doesn’t have this kind of thing yet,
You had a big fire, what do I mean?
I'll take it with you, and I'll take it with you.
Holding the intestines, I still carry the connection. Holding the intestines, I still carry the connection. Holding the intestines, I still carry the connection.
Ah, hold the intestines, and I will also bring the intestines,
I still have a couplet, I still have a couplet, I still have a couplet, I still have a couplet,
I still have a couplet, I still have a couplet, I still have a couplet, I still have a couplet, I still have a couplet, I still have a couplet
someone listening
It's a long turn, don't be angry, right?
Let’s try Alila again when we come back
Do you remember?
This is our home, remember
This flower was certified with her father when she was a child.
You were a little older at that time
Now our dad tells Ariela
Dad has learned from you for many years. Don’t worry.
Dad won't do that to you anymore
I don’t want to crawl, right?
Let's see if we can drive it after that.
We don't want three hundred dollars to be sold and left.
I'll bring you some things, sister
You're not that close